Added release notes and updates to documentation for Forms 8.13.13, 10.5.3, 12.2.2, 13.0.1. (#5760)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-forms/developer/rendering-scripts.md

}
```

If you have changed the configuration value `TrackRenderedFormsStorageMethod` to use `HttpContext.Items`, the snippet is:

```csharp
@if (Context.Items.TryGetValue("UmbracoForms", out object? formIdsObject) && formIdsObject is IEnumerable<Guid> formIds)
{
    foreach (var formId in formIds)
    {
        @await Component.InvokeAsync("RenderFormScripts", new { formId, theme = "default" })
    }
}
```

> Read more about this configuration option [here](./configuration/README.md#TrackRenderedFormsStorageMethod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about this configuration option in the [configuration](./configuration/README.md#TrackRenderedFormsStorageMethod) article.
```
